vi DEDJCATJOM

its Support. The great Author of it appealed ,
to the Reason and Consciences of Men concern-
ing the Proofs of his divine Mission, and the
Nature of the D()‹stri1]es he taught. His Apo,
stles after him claimed no Submiffion to their
heavenly Dicstates7 without reasonable Convi-
(Sl‘ions‚ founded in the Demonstration of the
Spirit and of Truth. Happy had it been for
the Christian Church, had the Examples of the
Son of God and his Apostles been, in this Re-

specoc as well as orbem, counted worthy of Imi-
tation 1

Zeal for Religion, both in Princes and their
Sub-isola is unquestionably a Duty. But Your
Majesty understands too well the great Obliga-
tions to Christian Charity‚ and feels too great
a Pleasure in the Exercise of this sacred Virtue,
ever to suffer Your own Zeal for Religion to
lead You into a cruel persecuting Warmth, or
to encourage others in the use of any Methods
for the Defence of Religion, which are not only
contrary to the genuine spirit and Defign of it,
but in the Consequences destrunstive of the Ho-
nour, SuccesS, and even Being of it.

2 The

